Dr Katrina Groves: Hi it's Saturday at 9:30am trying to
Dr Katrina Groves: Check in for my
Dr Katrina Groves: New people intakes on
Dr Katrina Groves: Game and there seem to be computer issues. I think because of the
Dr Katrina Groves: Because of the virus thing. There's been problems with zoom. So I hope that's getting corrected. I was told that it might be okay if someone cannot get an internet connection. At least they could do a phone connection somehow
Dr Katrina Groves: And I'll try to keep it on speaker.
Dr Katrina Groves: But I'm not sure how to do that.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: All these people will be established care patients of the clinic.
Dr Katrina Groves: And the chief complaint is usually the HTTP and take for substance use disorder meeting ID number is my usual room which is 522-649-3217
Dr Katrina Groves: Please pull in the band The prevent the ACM the Esper the cures, which is appropriate risk and protective scores.
Dr Katrina Groves: You
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm sorry you're having trouble come back and we'll try to reschedule later this afternoon.
Dr Katrina Groves: Morning is well is that William
Dr Katrina Groves: I can see you. I can see your phone name I can't see you, or hear you. So you may have to put yourself on
William’s iPhone: Can you hear me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, now I can hear you. Good job.
William’s iPhone: To know where my picture is
Dr Katrina Groves: It's a little video camera that's usually got an X on it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Ah,
Dr Katrina Groves: Did it
Dr Katrina Groves: Hi.
William’s iPhone: How are you doing,
Dr Katrina Groves: I am well and yourself. How are you making it through all this.
William’s iPhone: I'm doing okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Kind of made for you because you're an isolation kind of person. Hmm.
William’s iPhone: Sorry.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, one thing that helps is to have the if you have light behind your head you look real fuzzy. Is there way you can sit there you go. That's better.
Does that uncomfortable.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, let me let me pull your chart up I'm working on two computers right now. Thank you for being early, by the way.
Uh huh.
Dr Katrina Groves: I heard other people are having internet problems in the in Crescent City. Is that a problem for you.
William’s iPhone: Know, I have had no Internet. Internet problems.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what's your date of birth, William
Dr Katrina Groves: That is you
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, this is going to be sort of
Dr Katrina Groves: A history, like if I was your doctor and I'd never seen you before. Kind of things. So I may ask you stuff. I already know, but we just have to get it down in this system.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Um, so, why, why do you feel like you're here today.
William’s iPhone: I feel like I'm here because
William’s iPhone: I know the program works so far, cuz I've been on for a year and have not techno opiates.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, you mean the Suboxone program. Yeah.
William’s iPhone: So,
William’s iPhone: something's working there.
William’s iPhone: Good. Now I did screw up and did a little math, but that that was in the past.
Dr Katrina Groves: And when was that, do you remember
William’s iPhone: I was like, in December.
William’s iPhone: around Christmas time.
Dr Katrina Groves: What do you do you remember what triggered that for you. What was it holidays, what
Dr Katrina Groves: Holiday. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. But you did not do opioid so you have to kind of pat yourself on the back for that and say, lesson learned.
William’s iPhone: Lesson learned. Never again. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
William’s iPhone: You never know.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's right, you got to stay on top of yourself. So give me a history of when you first started using
Dr Katrina Groves: Narcotics and I know it started out or any actually any substance. Some people like they started when they were five years old, sneaking alcohol or cigarettes. What did you first take and when
William’s iPhone: I did alcohol and cigarettes.
William’s iPhone: That was probably
William’s iPhone: I was probably nine started smoking marijuana tune
Okay.
William’s iPhone: So, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what did that lead to
William’s iPhone: Me.
William’s iPhone: Doing everything else in high school.
Dr Katrina Groves: Like cocaine LSD.
William’s iPhone: The YEP. YEP. PRETTY MUCH. You know, I didn't do know heroin, but I did all the, you know, the methamphetamines to acid. The mushrooms.
William’s iPhone: Things like that. I did.
Dr Katrina Groves: What do you think you were trying to escape from at the time, or were you just being fun with your peers and peer pressure stuff.
William’s iPhone: Opposed just hanging around the crowd.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then any overdoses at that time when you were a kid.
William’s iPhone: No, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did your parents have any clue.
William’s iPhone: No, not at the young age, but in high school, they did.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what happened in high school.
William’s iPhone: I became a real bad drinker.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then did your parents try to help you in any way take you to counseling.
William’s iPhone: Well, I was going to counseling.
William’s iPhone: It was through the school, though.
Dr Katrina Groves: It was it
William’s iPhone: Was a mental health and nothing like that.
William’s iPhone: I was an alcoholic ran in my family.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Exactly and who, in your family has alcoholism.
Dr Katrina Groves: Your mother and father
Yes.
William’s iPhone: Yeah, growing up. They were both drinkers.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Do you think that they did you see them drunk. Did you see them abusive to each other or to you.
William’s iPhone: They were never really abusive. There was just always drums
William’s iPhone: Sometimes they were abusive each other. I did see it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And that can kind of stress out a kid.
Yeah.
William’s iPhone: I'm worried about my son now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Why is that
William’s iPhone: You came up to me and told me that he's a he's only 12 years old.
William’s iPhone: And he says he's bisexual.
William’s iPhone: And I don't see
William’s iPhone: That don't see it. You know where he got it from, or anything.
Dr Katrina Groves: So a lot of kids that age, they really try to experiment with different things and maybe he's afraid of experimenting with drugs because have you talked to him about your own issues or
William’s iPhone: Oh yeah, if he knows he's, he does not like drugs. Good. No salads. He knows what it did to to the family.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. So at 12 years old. It doesn't mean that it's for sure a lot of kids here stuff on the news and the
Dr Katrina Groves: Internet. It's all over there like, oh, you know, be gay be lesbian, gay, bisexual,
Dr Katrina Groves: Because, as a society, we're trying to bring people closer and try not to label people
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, possibly the best thing you could do is
Dr Katrina Groves: Try not to judge and try not to panic and
William’s iPhone: Although I didn't
William’s iPhone: I told it whatever's I was be
William’s iPhone: The best parent. I can I support him whatever I can call them support them.
Dr Katrina Groves: And also it's okay though to tell him your feelings like
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, you seem like a pretty handsome.
Dr Katrina Groves: Boy, and it's kind of early for you to pick what you're going to be, you know, you know, know for sure if you're going to be a firefighter or or what you're, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: After so it's kind of early to don't
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, it's important for kids to know that they're going to have lots of different feelings.
Dr Katrina Groves: But that not to settle on any one thing
Dr Katrina Groves: But just to talk about it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is he going to counseling, because that's really hard when your parents are divorcing
William’s iPhone: Is
Dr Katrina Groves: Has he talked to his counselor about it.
William’s iPhone: I don't know if he has it.
Dr Katrina Groves: You might want to just bring X, ask him, because a lot of kids gone through divorce. They have an identity crisis and asked him to talk to his counselor.
William’s iPhone: Okay. All I ask is because
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, or just suggest that he do so.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so going back to your substance abuse, then your alcoholism. When did you get heavy duty into the narcotics into the opioids.
William’s iPhone: Well, the opioids. They came later.
William’s iPhone: Became way later code was a really in the pills in
Dr Katrina Groves: What age do you think
William’s iPhone: 25
Dr Katrina Groves: And what got you into the pills. Was it just that it made them that the alcohol work better.
You know,
William’s iPhone: I switched from pills to to alcohol. I mean to up all the pills.
William’s iPhone: I started getting the pills, legally, you know, not illegal.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right because of your pain. Tell me about
Dr Katrina Groves: What pain problems you have
William’s iPhone: My back pain really very, very severe back pain.
Dr Katrina Groves: Ever find out what the problem was with your back.
William’s iPhone: Yeah, it was a bulging and herniated disc.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And did you have surgery on your back.
Nope.
William’s iPhone: No, it's really best when I went off the opiates.
William’s iPhone: I knew, I knew I was going to be a pain.
William’s iPhone: And I am in pain, but I'm taking the pain more than I am, you know, but but to Suboxone help so pains and really does.
William’s iPhone: I like
William’s iPhone: I like the opiate so
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I know. Did the opiates make you feel better. Somehow, or feel high
William’s iPhone: Gave me a wire. Hi.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
William’s iPhone: Where I wanted to clean them. Usually, I don't want to clean.
Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so are you on Suboxone or is absolved right now which one
To absorb
Dr Katrina Groves: The Z what that meant one
William’s iPhone: Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: And are they paying for that on your insurance because I've had a bunch of people that have been saying there's absolve isn't getting covered so
William’s iPhone: So far, so good.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, and you're taking two tablets a day.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. Okay. And when was your last prescription
William’s iPhone: My last prescription sitting at the pharmacy right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: It is okay. Looks like I'm probably got prescribed from the open door clinic, then
William’s iPhone: Yeah, I called Tony
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And it's only for two weeks. I think
William’s iPhone: Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what we'll do is have you come back to my first group in two weeks and then I'll start taking over your prescriptions.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Um, let me go back to
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have any cravings for the old days, like the alcohol and the opioids and when you're on this episode or the cravings. Not at all.
William’s iPhone: Not at all.
William’s iPhone: My mind is
William’s iPhone: blown my mind. I think I should not take one drug to another.
William’s iPhone: You know, mixing the alcohol with the subs all i don't i don't do that. Now, I might stop taking the subs all so I can do drink, but I haven't. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: What do you think would be a situation in which you would put yourself that that would happen where you would decide to go off this i'm so
William’s iPhone: I don't know. I don't have no feeling right now. I'm just saying.
William’s iPhone: If I, if I wanted to drink.
William’s iPhone: I would probably stop.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Well, I hope that doesn't happen.
Dr Katrina Groves: That you don't do decide to do that. I would hope you would come to us and talk with us first about it but at smart, not to take both because it can kill you literally
Dr Katrina Groves: Speaking of suicide, though I know at times people get so depressed and I know that at times. You told me you wanted to die. How is that feeling for you right now. William
William’s iPhone: Today,
William’s iPhone: Today's a good day.
William’s iPhone: Today he's a good dude, but I have my days.
William’s iPhone: Okay. Oh, no, no. A lot of days that I have. But I feel like I want to do some
Dr Katrina Groves: Like how many days do you think that is once a week, twice a week.
William’s iPhone: But a couple of times a week, a month.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or two times a month. Good.
William’s iPhone: Your times a month.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and
Dr Katrina Groves: What do you do when you get in that situation. What's your. How do you get out of it.
William’s iPhone: You know, I don't know, my son.
William’s iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I think about your son.
William’s iPhone: Yeah. And right now, he comes every other day to my house. So it's not like I'm not seeing him.
William’s iPhone: Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so where are you living right now.
William’s iPhone: I'm living in the house that we're selling
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you still there.
William’s iPhone: Yeah, I'm still here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is it a bad market right now.
William’s iPhone: No, it's a good market. We got a lot of people looking at it.
William’s iPhone: And the price is high.
William’s iPhone: Okay, so she's let me figure until we sell it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then what happens. Do you still go to the trailer and the property or what was the plan.
William’s iPhone: I was supposed to buy a trailer it apart. Put it apart.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how's that coming as far as buying a trailer
William’s iPhone: Well, we gotta sell the house first
Okay.
William’s iPhone: So we have to sell the house and, you know, I'll get some money.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you looking for trailers. Now, are you just gonna wait till the houses sold
William’s iPhone: I'm just waiting till the house, too. So, I mean, I look, there's one in
William’s iPhone: A mobile home park for 18,000
William’s iPhone: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm looking at the
Dr Katrina Groves: Colors. Would it be close to your son, so he could still come
William’s iPhone: Over yeah oh yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: Great.
William’s iPhone: And my wife would bring them over to an ex wife.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. You guys are divorced now huh
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. Yeah, that's hard.
William’s iPhone: But we'll get on
William’s iPhone: Will get along better that's since we're divorced
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you really, that's interesting.
Dr Katrina Groves: I didn't
Think so.
William’s iPhone: Because my first one I hated her
William’s iPhone: You know she cheated on me. So no carried it and she told me
William’s iPhone: She came to a point and saying, you know what I want to divorce. I'm not in love with you no more.
William’s iPhone: So the bottom lines.
Dr Katrina Groves: But your friends and your co parenting.
William’s iPhone: Well, she broke down yesterday and I had to go give her job. So, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: You've been married, how long
William’s iPhone: 19 years
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So it's really good that you can
Dr Katrina Groves: Be close together, even if you're not married. It doesn't mean you can't have a close relationship and that's good for you. It's good for her.
Dr Katrina Groves: She might
Dr Katrina Groves: Hmm.
William’s iPhone: Thank you, Mrs. Nice.
Dr Katrina Groves: She may once you move out.
Dr Katrina Groves: So let me move on to who's your primary care doctor at the clinic.
William’s iPhone: Jodi, Jodi mcleod's
Dr Katrina Groves: Jody McLeod and she's a family nurse practitioner.
William’s iPhone: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Our PA, I think.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what your past medical problems. I know you have high blood pressure. Is that right,
Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: And did you bring your medication with you or do you know what it is, off the top of your head.
Dr Katrina Groves: Like, do you still take less than a pro.
William’s iPhone: You know, I quit. Picking the right way. Now I ran out and he didn't refill it for the longest time
William’s iPhone: So when they did refill it. I know we didn't take it started taking it again.
Dr Katrina Groves: I wonder what your blood pressure is though.
William’s iPhone: I feel good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, good. But I want to know what your blood pressure is
Dr Katrina Groves: It'd be good to know when you're off of it because maybe you don't need it anymore. But maybe you need something
William’s iPhone: Okay, I'm taking three three pills.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, go ahead.
William’s iPhone: I am taking this pill. Sorry.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, you are okay.
William’s iPhone: Sorry, I'm thinking that, sorry.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is that 20 milligrams yesterday. Okay. Yes.
William’s iPhone: And then I'm taking this
William’s iPhone: Oh, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's okay just spell it.
William’s iPhone: Then little
William’s iPhone: Bit of faxing
Dr Katrina Groves: At that 75 milligrams William
William’s iPhone: Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, once a day.
William’s iPhone: Once a day.
William’s iPhone: Didn't have taken us a proposal.
Dr Katrina Groves: Proposal that as that Abilify
William’s iPhone: Yes bill for
Dr Katrina Groves: 20 years
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes today.
William’s iPhone: What today.
Dr Katrina Groves: How about travel down at night. Do you still take that for sleep.
William’s iPhone: All we wouldn't be
Dr Katrina Groves: Good.
William’s iPhone: We take those two will need to even the quality, you know, really take every night.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you got 50 milligrams of transit down and one 0.1 milligram of quantity that you take at night. If you can't sleep.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then your sub solve we talked about, okay, I wonder which medicine that you ran out of that you didn't that you feel better off of
William’s iPhone: I don't know.
Dr Katrina Groves: Maybe the cholesterol pill.
William’s iPhone: Could be.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right.
William’s iPhone: I mean,
William’s iPhone: In my mind, my mind. I also think that, you know, if I'm not taking so
William’s iPhone: I'm feeling better anyway.
Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: So now any allergies. You've had
Dr Katrina Groves: You morphine makes you tired and groggy, I know Paxil cause some sexual dysfunction.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then there's Deluxe, a team that when you pass out. Is there any other medicine, allergies, like a rash that you get or
William’s iPhone: That's what I know of.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And were you ever in the hospital for anything.
William’s iPhone: Just, just my surgeries gallbladder.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, let me get to your third threes.
Dr Katrina Groves: All bladder. Oh, we don't have that one. When was the gallbladder.
William’s iPhone: Oh boy.
William’s iPhone: 15 years ago.
Dr Katrina Groves: And any other surgery.
I had
William’s iPhone: Oh, had to go in there for another surgery. I forgot. It was called
William’s iPhone: I'll think of it here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Sure. What part of your body.
William’s iPhone: It was it was going down to like a cedar wood down to my
William’s iPhone: And I got stuck in and flared are inflamed.
Dr Katrina Groves: Like not an appendix side is
William’s iPhone: No, but the time
William’s iPhone: Looks it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Looks okay
Dr Katrina Groves: So did they have to cut out part of your colon or
William’s iPhone: No clouded time whatever they did.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, so you have never been in the hospital for an overdose or
Dr Katrina Groves: No. Okay. Did you ever go to detox or any kind of rehab.
William’s iPhone: I tried
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, how many times
William’s iPhone: I know I tried when we that when when I fought for my divorce.
William’s iPhone: Divorce she told me to go to rehab.
Dr Katrina Groves: Mm hmm.
William’s iPhone: And I couldn't get it quick enough
William’s iPhone: Got a divorce. I didn't know it takes a long time to get into a rehab.
Dr Katrina Groves: Does and then going back to your parents. I'm sort of a family history are either of them still living.
William’s iPhone: No, they're both dead.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And did they die of a high blood pressure, heart disease, strokes,
Dr Katrina Groves: outros strokes.
William’s iPhone: My dad died of lung cancer.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's right lung cancer and your mom had a stroke.
William’s iPhone: Yes, she had a stroke.
William’s iPhone: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And do you have sisters or brothers.
William’s iPhone: Yes, to do
Dr Katrina Groves: And what is, what are their medical problems do you know
William’s iPhone: My brother. He just had prostate cancer.
William’s iPhone: And he and so, but he's all good.
William’s iPhone: And my other brother, he's okay he
Dr Katrina Groves: doesn't do much pressure.
William’s iPhone: Yeah, I think he does.
Dr Katrina Groves: And your sister.
William’s iPhone: I think she's got high blood pressure. I go, she's she takes it salud.
Dr Katrina Groves: Diabetic
Diabetic
William’s iPhone: She is. She was my mom and her family was her sisters who grandma.
Wow.
Dr Katrina Groves: runs in the family and your mom also had high blood pressure and she had a status, I believe.
William’s iPhone: Yes, she had a lot of things wrong with her.
Wow.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you got two sisters and two
Dr Katrina Groves: Brothers and one sister.
Dr Katrina Groves: Have just one sister. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then your aunt's yeah you have diabetes in your aunts.
Uncles
Dr Katrina Groves: Hi, puppy. What's your name,
William’s iPhone: That's daddy.
Dr Katrina Groves: My daddy. Is that your dog.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, yeah. Do you get to take her with you.
William’s iPhone: Yes, I do.
William’s iPhone: The other guys, she's on visitations
William’s iPhone: Whenever my son comes she brings a dog that
William’s iPhone: When we hit we was married we had dogs.
Dr Katrina Groves: Great, so
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you get out of the house at all. Oh, look at that. They're so cute.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, they're so happy that pop us home.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. Um, do you get out and walk. I know right now. It's hard. But do you ever go out and walk for exercise or what are you doing around
Dr Katrina Groves: Like physical activity.
William’s iPhone: No, no, I don't.
Dr Katrina Groves: Maybe when it gets better out
Dr Katrina Groves: Or do you have a gym in the house, or how do you keep getting more county you active
William’s iPhone: I don't know why Walker, I go ride my motorcycle. The best thing I ever do.
Dr Katrina Groves: There you go.
William’s iPhone: You know that's that's the thing I do.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have any legal problems. Right now I am from any of your drug use in the past or
William’s iPhone: No, nothing.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's good.
Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're not employed you're you have disability.
William’s iPhone: I'm waiting for disability divine week
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so they denied you. What was your claim as far as arthritis and your anxiety issue. What is, what was the main
William’s iPhone: My gore phobics
Dr Katrina Groves: agoraphobia. Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: And do you. Awesome. You still have you have depression as well. Right.
William’s iPhone: Really bad depression.
William’s iPhone: Yeah. Wish I could fix it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and I know that you've been to several counselors and telemedicine, or are you going to now.
William’s iPhone: Are still going to mental health, seeing the doctor down there.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, that is, that's a good thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you still go to Tony's group.
William’s iPhone: No, I never went to the group.
Dr Katrina Groves: I mean, Tony. Sorry to ever go to Johnny to talk
William’s iPhone: Yeah, well,
William’s iPhone: Not remember you told me to go once a week, and I did.
William’s iPhone: And it was just started talking and
William’s iPhone: I went back
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. So just so you know, there's two new gentleman in the program there at the clinic and they're doing. Tell them out telemedicine stuff and Tony's doing telemedicine stuff too.
Dr Katrina Groves: So if you felt more comfortable joining one of those groups. I think that might help you stay out of your head so much and be alone. So if you wanted to reach out, Tony.
Dr Katrina Groves: Does have groups. I think Wednesdays and Friday mornings and and then there's this guy named Greg who's really awesome. Who's more of a counselor person.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I just want to give you those opportunities to reach out
William’s iPhone: To call Tony. If I have a problem.
Dr Katrina Groves: Excellent. But you could call her and say, Hey. Hey, I heard you have groups or I heard you know you could talk to this one guy one on one, rather than groups, if that's more comfortable for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, let me go through some really quick.
Dr Katrina Groves: Physical things
Dr Katrina Groves: Where is my list. Oh, so in the past week or so have you had any trouble with Fevers or chills are called sometimes
William’s iPhone: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: No virus huh
William’s iPhone: No thing good
Dr Katrina Groves: Have you had any problems with being really tired all the time fatigue or falling asleep during the day.
William’s iPhone: I'm always tired.
William’s iPhone: Always
William’s iPhone: I don't fall asleep, though. I'm just tired.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you sleep at night.
William’s iPhone: I go to sleep, but I will stay asleep.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right, even with your pills. We were talking about that. Yeah.
William’s iPhone: I still wake up four or five times ago p
Dr Katrina Groves: Boy.
William’s iPhone: Got supposed to tune
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, it is. So don't forget to check in with your doctor about your prostate, because that's most likely the problem.
William’s iPhone: I got her appointment on the ninth on the phone with dodi
Dr Katrina Groves: Excellent. And make sure to tell her all about your urine problems.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. Alright, so let's see, where was I any know coughing no wheezing shortness of breath.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any chest pain or pressure, heart palpitations.
Nope.
Dr Katrina Groves: Swelling in your legs.
William’s iPhone: Think so good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any problems of the stomach on some solve some people have constipation or abdominal pain or not.
William’s iPhone: Yeah, I do get constipated. But I deal with it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how do you deal with it.
William’s iPhone: Just deal with it's
Dr Katrina Groves: Like you do you eat more fiber. Do you take stool softener.
William’s iPhone: No, no, the tooth hurts when I go. Oops.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, do you read bleeding like
William’s iPhone: Yes, I do believe
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Is it just bright red, or is it black
William’s iPhone: White red. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Try stool softener. I mean there. I know you hate taking pills. Well, maybe better than that eating more fiber in your diet is going to hell.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have any trouble with tremors, like the shakes.
William’s iPhone: No, I get cold though so so bad, like, like I'm really cold blooded
William’s iPhone: I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: Like you need
William’s iPhone: I need the heat.
Dr Katrina Groves: If you can talk to God about that she can check us irate on you. Just to make sure I know we've checked it before, but it's probably been a while.
William’s iPhone: Yeah i want i want to give my test contest to roll.
Now,
Dr Katrina Groves: That's right.
William’s iPhone: I want to get back up there.
Dr Katrina Groves: So are you having erection problems again.
William’s iPhone: Oh, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did it ever get better with the testosterone.
William’s iPhone: It. No, I quit taking it because it made me mean
Dr Katrina Groves: That's right.
William’s iPhone: My wife said quit take it because
Dr Katrina Groves: I remember that.
William’s iPhone: She was giving my own shots.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so why would you want to get back on it, then
William’s iPhone: Because I want to try to get back on in life.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, that's good. I like that. So that's a bunch of stuff to talk to God about but maybe you can make two appointments, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Bring up make make a list and say, Okay, these are three things I want to talk about and maybe we can make a follow up appointment. It depends how much time she has
Dr Katrina Groves: So, um, no you don't have any headaches, though, or seizures or vertigo.
William’s iPhone: Dizziness, nope, nope.
Dr Katrina Groves: And
Dr Katrina Groves: All right.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you're at what pharmacy. Did you say
William’s iPhone: About Walgreens.
Walgreens.
Dr Katrina Groves: But you don't need a script today.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because of solve
Dr Katrina Groves: So all your other medicine will still come from God, which is fine.
William’s iPhone: And
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you feel like, what, what do you feel like your goals are in the next few months, you know, next.
William’s iPhone: Well, I got a lot of goals.
William’s iPhone: When I gotta get I gotta get out of the house.
William’s iPhone: And then to another house.
William’s iPhone: I don't see my goals going anywhere.
Dr Katrina Groves: What, what other goals. He said you had a lot of goals.
William’s iPhone: I want to get out of this House.
That's one.
William’s iPhone: I want to feel better, which I feel okay i do i know
William’s iPhone: Today I feel better.
William’s iPhone: Good and on your down days. Remember that too will pass and
Dr Katrina Groves: Good days will happen again.
William’s iPhone: I know
Dr Katrina Groves: And I know you want to be there for your son to watch him graduate, gosh, he's going to get him, he'll be in high school soon.
William’s iPhone: He's, he's in seventh grade.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow, middle school coming up.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I bet. Well, you know, that doesn't mean you can't do stuff with them like
Dr Katrina Groves: Do some learning stuff with them on the computer, or just pull out an old book or hopefully
Dr Katrina Groves: We don't just let him just play and do nothing.
William’s iPhone: He comes and we do things.
You know,
William’s iPhone: For me and getting out of the house. It's kind of hard but
William’s iPhone: There's a bigger place where the cinemas, where the good watch movies.
William’s iPhone: He likes video machines are so
William’s iPhone: I do go and cool.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: They're allowing people in the movies, even with
William’s iPhone: No, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: No. No. Okay. But before
William’s iPhone: It's closed down.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright so bright heart is going to ask you to do a urine test. They'll send it to your house. So right now the address you have is is good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Have they done that yet they send you a little thing. A. P. Okay, so, so give him a call. After we talk or
Dr Katrina Groves: Next week sometime and ask him to send you a urine test. They're also don't open it when you get it just call him and say, Okay, I'm ready to pee and they'll walk you through how to do it. You don't have to pee in front of the camera.
Dr Katrina Groves: Just want to make sure that you've got that everything in your urine is supposed to be there.
William’s iPhone: Okay, and
Dr Katrina Groves: They also are going to want you to do some lab work.
Dr Katrina Groves: Through the clinic, which, when you talk to God.
Dr Katrina Groves: If she's going to do any labs, let her know that bright heart is going to throw a whole bunch of labs in there also checking your liver your kidneys.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hepatitis HIV, just in case past exposures. So they'll do a lot of labs, too. So I'm hoping they'll, they'll put that in for next week for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so I want to get you back here. When your next prescription is do which would be what's today Saturday. So you have enough until the 18th
William’s iPhone: Yeah, something like that.
Dr Katrina Groves: So we have two choices. William whatever works better for you. I have a Monday night at 545 that I'm doing group.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or I do Thursday mornings at 10
Dr Katrina Groves: And I'm not sure which is probably, which is a nighttime or afternoon better for you.
William’s iPhone: Have
William’s iPhone: Our morning. Let's go with two mornings.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah okay seems a little more quiet there in the morning. Huh.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then your wife still working.
William’s iPhone: Yeah, I think so.
Dr Katrina Groves: That she come back at like different hours or
William’s iPhone: She doesn't live here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh,
William’s iPhone: Where she she's living with her mother.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, I didn't realize that. Okay.
William’s iPhone: She's, she's been living with her mother for some time now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Got it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let's do mark on your calendar. April.
William’s iPhone: 16 2016 16th.
Dr Katrina Groves: At 10 o'clock.
Dr Katrina Groves: And that will be check in, again, with all the internet activity. We're having so much trouble. I hate to ask you, but check in like a half hour early like at 930
Dr Katrina Groves: And they're going to do a little intake questionnaire and talk to you about stuff and then they'll have you just wait in the waiting room.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so, and then I'll grab you, when I can there be probably right now there's only two people in the group just they're all from Tony's group so you'll know them.
William’s iPhone: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or maybe you won't know them, but
William’s iPhone: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: These are people that know Tony
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and they're not too many people's so it shouldn't be bad. And then we'll have a counselor that talks through stuff talks about anxiety or depression or whatever is you want to talk about at that at that visit and then I'll do your prescription to if you remind me.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have any questions for me. William
William’s iPhone: Know, I figured it out.
Dr Katrina Groves: You sure did.
William’s iPhone: I had to call him last night.
William’s iPhone: To figure it out for sure.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's great.
Dr Katrina Groves: I am really glad to have you come in through because we don't have any doctor, it took them two years. I still can't find a doctor to replace me so I figured, well, I might as well do this and that way I can keep in touch with you guys because I miss you.
William’s iPhone: I miss you too. You're my favorite doctor
Dr Katrina Groves: Dear see. Do you ever see that, oh gosh, what was her name, the lady who gambled once in a while she was like
William’s iPhone: Counsel, yeah.
William’s iPhone: Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: She has a weird last name.
William’s iPhone: To work.
Dr Katrina Groves: Court shorts. What's cough yeah jaan
William’s iPhone: jaan here. I haven't seen her.
William’s iPhone: Of course, I haven't been going
William’s iPhone: I've been doing the casino in a long time.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now, they're not doing it anyway.
Dr Katrina Groves: But, um,
Dr Katrina Groves: Again. She's another person to reach out to that she would be able to do counseling.
Dr Katrina Groves: With you over the phone.
William’s iPhone: Or God or card in my wallet just
William’s iPhone: It was she gave it to me so good.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm glad you got a good support system.
William’s iPhone: I do. Thank you.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, my dear. So I'ma let you go and get my next person and you have a wonderful day, and kiss those dogs.
William’s iPhone: To their sleeping right here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so I'm just it. There's a button that says end the meeting. So you can probably figure that out and I'll see you. I'll see you on the
William’s iPhone: 16th. 16th. Okay, right here. Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, we have
Dr Katrina Groves: Time to do templates on everybody, or to dictate everybody at once, but
Dr Katrina Groves: His diagnosis opioid dependence in remission.
Dr Katrina Groves: It was severe
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm also diagnosis as you caught was agoraphobia major depression.
Dr Katrina Groves: Moderate for current episode chronic back pain when Vega with abnormal MRI. He has held 455 s one disc protrusion causing stenosis.
Dr Katrina Groves: He has chronic insomnia. He has BPH. He has a reptile dysfunction. He has hypertension and CHF. Yes. Dr area.
Dr Katrina Groves: And he will be seen as primary care doctor for that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Please make a note that he needs labs and UDS
Dr Katrina Groves: At the Del Mar community health center, please.
Dr Katrina Groves: Everything was normal with his site compression good very good insight and judgment and self reflection level of stress is low suicide risk is low.
Dr Katrina Groves: My usual
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, well,
Dr Katrina Groves: Jacob, he will be quick. I reserve the right to come back and add stuff. If I forget it, so hang on.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good morning. This Jake
Dr Katrina Groves: I see your name. I don't see your, your face. Yet there's usually a
Jacob Badura: Are you there, right there.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, yeah, it's a learning curve.
Jacob Badura: I hate this.
I know
Dr Katrina Groves: Hey, it's better than person.
Dr Katrina Groves: Would you want to get out and go
Dr Katrina Groves: Right now.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, I don't care.
Oh,
Jacob Badura: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: That, that sounds like you. You're not scared or nothing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, it's good to see you. Thanks for taking some time on a Saturday. I appreciate it. I want to get this process all done so that we can get you going with your medications.
Jacob Badura: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you've been, I was looking at your other chart. You've been started in the program. I think July 12th 2017. Is that right,
Jacob Badura: Yeah, I think that's where
Jacob Badura: We started this time.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, you've had a couple times in the in the group.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, how much time do you have now.
Jacob Badura: Um, I think the last actually the last time I used was on my birthday in 2017
Dr Katrina Groves: And your birthday is June 27
Jacob Badura: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, good for you. I know you don't like to keep track but sounds like you're coming up on three years here pretty quick.
Dr Katrina Groves: So this is just an intake and I kind of got to go backwards and stuff that I already know about you, but I have to ask again because I'm in a different program now. So can you remember that the first
Jacob Badura: Age that
Dr Katrina Groves: You actually started using substances Jacob like anything cigarettes, alcohol, just take me from the beginning and forward.
Jacob Badura: Um, I think I first started smoking. I used alcohol when I was young, really young.
Dr Katrina Groves: Like
Jacob Badura: I think
Jacob Badura: First time I got like drunk was probably like around nine or 10
Jacob Badura: Okay. My grandpa.
Jacob Badura: My grandpa was drinking some BlackBerry brandy, and I asked him for a glass and he gave me a glass and I got really, really intoxicated from it and I didn't like it.
Jacob Badura: And I've never been a fan of alcohol or anything like that but smoking cigarettes. I started smoking when I was like 12 or 13 I believe
Jacob Badura: I started chewing first actually because of baseball. Then I started smoking after that.
Jacob Badura: And marijuana. I started using marijuana. When I was 13 I think
Jacob Badura: And I never used anything other than marijuana until I was probably 21 years old.
Jacob Badura: And probably around 21 or 22 is the first time I ever tried Xanax
Jacob Badura: And I was instantly addicted to it, the very first time I tried it. I was addicted.
Jacob Badura: And then I never tried anything else until I was probably about 24 and then I tried math.
Jacob Badura: And I use math for about a year.
Jacob Badura: And then after that, I started using exam. Well, I was pretty much Xanax, or what time because I had a prescription for it back then.
Jacob Badura: And then popular now is
Jacob Badura: Think 27 or 28 was when I first started trying words first started taking opiate pills. I was taking vitamin and stuff like that to try to combat the withdrawals from the Xanax
Jacob Badura: I hate it.
Jacob Badura: Back then, they made me really really sick. Every time I took them but it helped me with the withdrawals from the Xanax and then eventually I stopped.
Jacob Badura: Getting sick from taking the opiates and I started liking the feeling of it.
Jacob Badura: And that's when I became addicted to opiates.
Dr Katrina Groves: And continue to use the Xanax as well.
Jacob Badura: I'm not as much as I did, then I I didn't ever want to really become addicted to any kind of benzo again. So I took him still but I took him sparingly, because I knew that if I took it every day that the withdrawal was
Jacob Badura: It was it. It's something I didn't really ever want to experience.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then so from 28 or. So you started using opioids, like every day off the street.
Jacob Badura: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Did you graduate into anything else after that. Did you go to heroin.
Jacob Badura: Um, I never tried heroin until
Jacob Badura: Or yeah, since late 2015 was the first time ever tried heroin.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then
Jacob Badura: I did.
Jacob Badura: Um,
Jacob Badura: That, at first I didn't really
Jacob Badura: Do too much of it because that's when I was still in the Suboxone
Jacob Badura: And so I would do it every once in a while and then
Jacob Badura: When I stopped using the Suboxone is when I got deep into it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then how did you get yourself back out. I mean, what did you go to detox what what got you wanting to get clean again. Did something happen.
Jacob Badura: Um, I think it was after my sister died and after going down there to the funeral and stuff is when I really started
Jacob Badura: To evaluate where my life was heading and i just i knew i was either going to die or end up in prison. Within a few years, and I just didn't want my mom to have to go through that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so, um, does this Suboxone work for you as far as. Do you have cravings still
Jacob Badura: I you know I I can't even remember the last time I even thought about using drugs.
Jacob Badura: Cool, I, I actually found a bolo Viking in one time at a job site.
Jacob Badura: And I threw it away that's ever thrown away any drugs ever in my life.
Jacob Badura: Even back in the day, even if it wasn't something I was using, I would still went and tried to sell it somewhere, trying to make money off that or something, but I haven't even seen or talked anybody that has that I know that use drugs in the last two years.
Jacob Badura: I just don't associate with anybody that does anything like that anymore. It's just, it's not even a part of my life, even in smallest sense
Dr Katrina Groves: It sounds like you totally turned your life around. I mean, completely
Jacob Badura: It is, it's a total of one ad from the way I used to be and not just the way I used to act, but my total mind state is completely changed you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Know you have a family, you have a little girl and how right
Jacob Badura: Yep, we have a baby boy on the way.
Dr Katrina Groves: Mm hmm. When does he do
Jacob Badura: On August 10 is that new day.
Dr Katrina Groves: Very cool.
Dr Katrina Groves: And is your mom still living with you guys, or how is where, who are you living with now.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, we're still we're still at my parents house right now.
Jacob Badura: We're hoping they'll be getting out of here, but with everything that's going on right now. I don't see that happening, probably
Jacob Badura: Right within probably. I mean, whenever it all this is done and over with. We definitely have enough money to where we can move into anywhere we wanted to. We've been saving money for the last few years, so
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I just great.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, not paying the bills or anything like that, really, except for, you know, the few things we bought like a car and the bed and stuff like that we've been able to save actually pretty good so
Dr Katrina Groves: Excellent. Yeah, and
Dr Katrina Groves: Will be over in a couple months, it'll wash through it'll be fine.
Dr Katrina Groves: So are you and where are you working at now. Josh, I mean, take a boy. Are you working
I know
Jacob Badura: I work in up in Brookings right now. During construction and building a house.
Excellent.
Dr Katrina Groves: So the construction economy hasn't dropped down like some of the other jobs.
Jacob Badura: Well, no, not the I don't work for a person, per se. I pretty much. I'm an independent contractor, but the guy that I'm working or the person that I'm working for
Jacob Badura: They own a huge farm up in Brookings and they own the farmers market there. And so I built a house for his daughter. I built in addition onto her house and remodeled it and now
Jacob Badura: I'm building a huge house for the person that he has running the farmers market. And then after I'm done with that, I'm going to build them a new farmers market in Brookings to so
Jacob Badura: I pretty much did
Jacob Badura: The next three or four years out.
Dr Katrina Groves: That is great. That is really probably feels
Dr Katrina Groves: What
Dr Katrina Groves: No anxiety of losing your job you've got, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Income that must feel really good.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, it's comforting knowing that
Jacob Badura: I'm secure for at least the next three or four years.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. And that'll be great on your resume, no matter where you do after that.
Jacob Badura: Well, I'm hoping on getting my contractor's license sometime in that next few years to
Dr Katrina Groves: Excellent. So any legal trouble left over from the last of the past they were you ever in jail. Oh yeah, you said you weren't worried about prison and jail is that all pass now or
Jacob Badura: Yeah, no, I don't have any legal things pending. I didn't have any legal stuff PENDING WHEN I CAME BACK IN THE rehab.
Jacob Badura: Um, it was something I've wanted to do on my own. It wasn't something wasn't forced into it by trying that.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you seen at the clinic, Josh. Who's your primary care doctor
Jacob Badura: It's Dustin
Dr Katrina Groves: Dustin, okay. And are you taking any medications from destined for high blood pressure or any other medical issues.
Jacob Badura: Um, yeah, I take the he gives me So Fran for my stomach. Stomach issues.
Jacob Badura: Right. And I've been having like weird pain. And so he sent me to a specialist down in Eureka, and they gave me the biotech
For the
Jacob Badura: Constipation thing I've been taken that for the last month.
Jacob Badura: And it seems to be helping a little bit to help me go to the bathroom but I'm still having like we're pains in the side of my stomach so
Jacob Badura: I was supposed to see him again, a few days ago, but with all the stuff that was going on. I was supposed to see him here on zoom. They sent me up for that, but they were so far behind in the appointment that I had to reschedule it because I had to get the word
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, but that set up to reschedule again.
Jacob Badura: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. And do you still take Prozac for your stomach or not. And it resolved that was a an acid.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, they Dustin gave me that at first when he gave me the XO friend to see if maybe that would help with the stomach pain, but it didn't do anything. So I stopped taking it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And then what about
Dr Katrina Groves: Suboxone you're still doing eight milligrams three a day.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what pharmacy ds.
Jacob Badura: I'm Walgreens.
Dr Katrina Groves: Walgreens. And when did you get your last prescription
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you needing it right now.
Jacob Badura: Um, yeah, I think, Christina just told me that it was do yesterday. I think I still have a few. So it's not like I'm out, but they are do
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so I will call those day
Dr Katrina Groves: She's keeping track of, you
Jacob Badura: Know. Oh, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You don't have high blood pressure, thyroid diabetes, you don't have any of those problems. How about your family.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do they have any history of high blood pressure, heart disease, diabetes,
Jacob Badura: Um, I don't believe so. I, my dad might have high blood pressure i but i don't i don't think so.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, I think, yeah, I'm on your clinic computer to it looks like your dad might have high blood pressure and then
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and your mom had some kind of cancer was at breast cancer.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, my mom. She had breast cancer. He went into remission and my sister died from the breast cancer.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. That was horrible.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then your brother, you have any brothers.
Jacob Badura: No, I don't have any brothers. I have another system, though.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how she
Jacob Badura: Um, she had a stroke. One time a few years back. She has chronic migraines, like I do.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, I forgot about your migraines.
Jacob Badura: I haven't experienced the migraine in years. No.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's great. And it may have been a lot related to what you were doing to your body.
Jacob Badura: I did it.
Jacob Badura: And I used to drink a lot of soda back and I barely drink any water. And I think that might have been part of it too.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you drinking more water now.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, I rarely ever drink soda anymore and I I pretty much just drink like water and Gatorade and juices and stuff like that.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's amazing. I remember you going in group with a huge thing Gatorade or not data rate and
Mountain Dew or something.
Jacob Badura: Oh, yeah.
Jacob Badura: Awesome.
Dr Katrina Groves: What about smoking cigarettes. Are you still smoking.
Jacob Badura: Yes, I'm still smoking. It's something I've been wanting stop for a while but I smoke a lot less than I used to. I, I play smoke less than half a pack nowadays.
Jacob Badura: I used to start over a pack a day.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's great.
Jacob Badura: But I do to still some sometimes at work.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and that's something that you will definitely do. When you are ready, because I know when you make your mind up on something you do it so you let me know if you need help with that, but
Dr Katrina Groves: Whenever the time is right.
Dr Katrina Groves: And do you have any allergies to any medication or anything that you know of Jacob.
Dr Katrina Groves: I think
Jacob Badura: shall know the only thing I had
Jacob Badura: Yeah, the shellfish. I don't really know if that's a real allergy. I just, every time I've ever eat shellfish. I just get really sick.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you don't get allergies, like pollen or anything like that.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm kind of losing you are you back.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, I'm here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so the next part. I just want to ask you some physical stuff like head to toe.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, have you had any Fevers or chills or night sweats these past week or two.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oops, last year.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you back.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, I'm here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Have you had any Fevers or chills or night sweats at all in the last week or two.
Jacob Badura: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any trouble with coughing, wheezing shortness of breath in the last week or two.
Dr Katrina Groves: Chest pain or pressure or heart palpitations last week or two.
No.
Dr Katrina Groves: You did talk about abdominal discomfort.
Dr Katrina Groves: So not the nausea is happening, but the vomiting is not under control now or
Jacob Badura: Yeah, I haven't been not I get nauseous. Still a lot, but I haven't thrown out the new thing that's been happening to me is that I almost
Jacob Badura: Passed out like sometimes. And it really shaky, and my heart just starts like beating at 1000 miles an hour, but then when I eat something, I get better. I almost thought I was like hypoglycemic or something.
Jacob Badura: And I went
Jacob Badura: I ended up having to go to the hospital. A few weeks ago was. I thought, I thought my appendix. But something was going on my appendix, that hurts so bad I ended up
Jacob Badura: Going to Sutter post hospital and they gave me like a full body scan and they said everything was fine. But he said, maybe there was something with my gallbladder or something like that. But they didn't seem to care too much about. And they sent me home so
Jacob Badura: I haven't felt it since then, but it was it was enough to trip me out, then maybe go to the hospital.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and you know there's something going on. Just because we can't see it on a CAT scan doesn't mean that it's not there.
Dr Katrina Groves: It kind of rolls up the worst things like if you had had an abscess, they would have seen that if there was something like a tumor, they would have seen that
Dr Katrina Groves: But your gut has always been sensitive. So I think that's good that you're continuing to pursue that workup. As far as your belly and when this is all past get to see a GI specialist and keep pushing it.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. So, have you had any seizures, though.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, tremor dizziness vertigo.
Dr Katrina Groves: Know you said no more headaches.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, I haven't had a headache in a while.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you feel like you have a mood problems and depression, anxiety, sleep.
Jacob Badura: Young I sleep really good now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Great because you're working a hard day.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Any suicidal thoughts. When's the last time you had
Dr Katrina Groves: Thoughts about suicide.
Jacob Badura: I've never had thought about suicide.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so you feel like you're at like low no risk for that. Yeah. And what do you think your level of stress right now is
Jacob Badura: No.
Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, and
Dr Katrina Groves: Have they sent you any drug the pee test in the into the
Dr Katrina Groves: House yet that's right heart sank. No.
Jacob Badura: I was just able to sign up for yesterday. It's been taken forever to for me to do this and I just been so busy at work and everything and I signed all the paperwork and then I called in last week to do it. And they said, oh, it's been 30 days and you have to redo everything
Jacob Badura: So I got it all done on this.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh yeah, I'm glad. And now it's done. But so what we'll do is
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you still see Tony like occasionally or talk to her, or what's your, what's your
Jacob Badura: Mom Yeah I seen her. I went in, I think, last month. She helped me fill out all the paperwork to help me because I I hate doing all this crap on the computers and stuff like that. I'm just not a computer person so
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm doing just fine right now but I mean do you go in for counseling at all to talk to her. If you had a problem would you reach out to her.
Jacob Badura: Yes, I would.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so part of bright heart. I mean, you've had some good recovery time but I need to, we need to do the computer thing probably once a month at first and then maybe I'll drop you down to every two or three months, depending how you're doing your wife on
Dr Katrina Groves: A more frequent because of the pregnancy. I'm really trying to work with her on that.
Jacob Badura: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So when are your work. We have to figure out a schedule so I can see you. And the only two times I have right now or Monday nights at 5:45pm or Thursday mornings at 10 and the either those times work for you.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, the Monday five 545 will be fine. I'm home by then.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I will go ahead and do a prescription today, or do you think you have enough until Monday.
Jacob Badura: Um, I probably have enough on Monday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, because I can put you on Monday. Schedule then shake a daughter.
Dr Katrina Groves: And that way, it's, there's just the usual people you know like Sarah supposed to be there Tim, you know, 10 Stephanie.
Dr Katrina Groves: Christina be. Oh, you can't come in with your way.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, I
Jacob Badura: Christina told me to tell you that if
Jacob Badura: If there's a problem with that, that switch hers, because she don't mind being switched around or whatever.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so maybe she can come on the ninth then on Thursday at 10 o'clock.
Dr Katrina Groves: She there. So we asked her.
Jacob Badura: She Yeah, she said, that would be fine. I already. I asked her before we started.
Jacob Badura: Or she told me where we started actually
Dr Katrina Groves: So if you want to write it down. Let's do Christina.
Dr Katrina Groves: On the ninth of April, which is Thursday at 10 o'clock.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then we'll do you on Monday.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I'll do your prescription on that day.
Jacob Badura: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so try to check in at 530 because I don't know how long it took you today. But when there's four or five people it takes a long time for them to check you in and you have to ask, they ask you questions.
Dr Katrina Groves: takes about five minutes. But if everybody's coming in at once, you might want to get in a little early so I don't know what time you get home from work, but
Jacob Badura: I usually get home around 515 or so.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so come home and get right on it.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'll see you at 545 then and I'll plan to do your script, then
Dr Katrina Groves: And any questions.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any questions for me.
Dr Katrina Groves: About how the program.
Jacob Badura: Um no I pretty much seeing what Christina was doing so.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right.
Jacob Badura: I think what's going on.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright and bright heart will reach out to you to get a urine test 2% to your house and also getting blood work done at the clinic so that God will have that too.
Jacob Badura: And
Dr Katrina Groves: We can help you with your, with your gut and stuff. I'm so glad that you're looking at them and you got a great family very proud of you that it's 100% difference from the old days. Good job.
Jacob Badura: Yeah, a little bit different.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yep. All right there. I'll see you on Monday night, then you have a good weekend.
Dr Katrina Groves: You too. All right, good.
Jacob Badura: Night.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so the only thing I have to add to our usual template is that the patient was restless. He has psycho motor agitation. That's pretty chronic
Dr Katrina Groves: Everything else, I believe I addressed. So his diagnosis will be opioid dependence severe in remission and also tobacco dependence moderate. Hang on. What's the
Dr Katrina Groves: Tobacco has its own thing. Oh, cigarettes used to do too. But now it's nicotine dependence moderate cigarettes.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, hang on, we'll get to the next one.
Dr Katrina Groves: Katie
Dr Katrina Groves: I can see a blank screen. So you've got to turn on your video and your audio.
Dr Katrina Groves: See if I can help you do that. Ah, there you are.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hi.
Dr Katrina Groves: Can now I can't hear you. So you need to
Dr Katrina Groves: You have to unmute yourself.
Khadra Porter: Okay, can you hear me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, you've got it. I was about to put up a piece of paper to
Dr Katrina Groves: Tell you, yourself, sorry.
Dr Katrina Groves: No worries. I'm so happy that you're here.
Khadra Porter: It's been a long time.
Dr Katrina Groves: Has your in your car that's very
Khadra Porter: Nice. Yeah, because the kids. I knew it would be loud.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Awesome. Is your door let on. Because your door, your light is on. I don't want you to lose your
Battle
Khadra Porter: Okay, they're
Dr Katrina Groves: All dead battery when we're done.
Khadra Porter: I know seriously.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right. So how have you been
Khadra Porter: Okay, I don't know, I've been having a lot of anxiety and
Khadra Porter: I don't know.
Dr Katrina Groves: It's just weird. Yeah, yeah. So it is a little stressful right now, but I'm so glad we finally got signed up and
Khadra Porter: I know, me too.
Dr Katrina Groves: Going to be great. So this is like an intake, like I have to pretend I don't know you and
Dr Katrina Groves: I mean, I can still know you, but I'm going to ask your friends that you probably think Dr Grubbs you already know.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay and so
Dr Katrina Groves: How long have you I was looking at your other chart and I was trying to remember how long you've been without not doing drugs. I think it's been like February 2017 when you started with, uh,
Khadra Porter: Huh, and I've never relapsed so yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: We years girl.
Khadra Porter: Yeah, that's crazy. It doesn't feel like that long, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Really
Khadra Porter: I mean, sometimes it feels like forever, but
Khadra Porter: When I think about it really. It's like it's just like, like, I guess I'm so used to like
Khadra Porter: As a boxing program being a part of my life, that it's just like, I don't know, you know,
Khadra Porter: And since you're gone. There's so much on like Tony's play like you used to do the chips and, you know, and
Khadra Porter: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, it
Dr Katrina Groves: Was hard and now with the
Khadra Porter: Virus. Yes, I know. Like last week on Friday because I use, I go to group on Fridays and afternoon usually
Khadra Porter: And it was so hard that was my first virtual like group or whatever. I hated it, like, yes, it was like Jennifer whenever in the group. She's like, I like it like this. I wish it was always like this. And I'm like, all right, so
Khadra Porter: You know there. It's hard to like keep track or just doesn't feel the same. So change. Yeah, you know, the
Khadra Porter: Smaller huddle and not my one time a week.
Khadra Porter: That like I get to go and like get ready and go do something that's not for my kids, you know what I mean, you know, most times it's only like an hour if it's an afternoon. You know, it's still like, I feel so refreshed afterwards, you know,
Khadra Porter: Nice. So it yeah i can't wait till it comes down and we can just go back to look
Dr Katrina Groves: At well but at least for now this is better than nothing.
Khadra Porter: For sure. Ya know I was complaining, I
Dr Katrina Groves: hardly hear you.
Dr Katrina Groves: In person is so much better.
Khadra Porter: Yeah, it is.
Dr Katrina Groves: But I really glad to see you. I like I like doing this because I can still keep
Khadra Porter: Contact with you guys. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, it would be crazy if it wasn't something like this. And everyone was just like out on their own.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's true.
Khadra Porter: We'd lose a lot of people. I feel like, you know, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: We're covering
Khadra Porter: Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: But what I heard one of our counselors say she was really good. She said, You know, you guys as people in recovery that are added had been attics you guys actually have a heads up on this from other people that have never been through chaos in our lives. They've never
Khadra Porter: Had. Yeah, that's true. He
Dr Katrina Groves: And you are have been through this before you
Dr Katrina Groves: Know, to have your whole life turned upside down and right
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, others and you are
My neighbors. Right.
Khadra Porter: Yeah, that's true. I guys, you know, I didn't think of it like that. But yeah, it is. It's true.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so, so I want us to kind of start at the beginning and
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Glad you're in your car so you can dredge all this up.
Dr Katrina Groves: The first age that you remember using and what were you using and just take me through your childhood and and forward as far as your drug use, what was first one happened, kind of thing.
Khadra Porter: Um, when I was in high school. It was really bad at my house was like my parents were the worst at that time.
Dr Katrina Groves: Fighting you mean or what was
Khadra Porter: Bad because they were drinking my
Khadra Porter: Before my dad died, you know, my mom never even Drake. She never cussed. I mean, we went to church every Sunday. She was just like the perfect mom and perfect way, you know, and then my dad died and she married telling you right away and
Khadra Porter: So our lives really were tossed upside down and really in. So then you know they got married. So they got a house and then
Khadra Porter: They started to tell he's always been an alcoholic or whatever and then
Khadra Porter: For some reason, my mom just started drinking and he even threatened deliver because he was like, if I dream. I will not stop, you know, because he was sober at the time.
Khadra Porter: Because he had just gotten out of prison in so my mom wouldn't stop. And so then they both just started drinking all the time.
Khadra Porter: It was terrible, terrible. And then, so I had a really bad eating disorder in high school. And then I started smoking weed.
Khadra Porter: But then like weed would give me like a weird reaction sometimes like I would feel like I couldn't breathe in my heart, anxiety, probably really
Khadra Porter: You know, yeah.
Khadra Porter: Yeah, and so I stopped smoking weed and then
Khadra Porter: I went on homeschool for a little bit and then I went back to the high school and I think I tried coke.
Khadra Porter: A couple times, but I didn't like it because I just got a really bad headache, it wasn't. And the thing is is that when I would go out and be like drinking and stuff. I would be thinking like my brother, my brother and sister, you know, can entice and they were still home.
Khadra Porter: You know,
Khadra Porter: And so I would just be worried about them. And so I just felt guilty and I didn't want to drink or use because I was scared for them, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: You're like, Oh, Mom, taking
Yeah.
Khadra Porter: Yeah. Yeah, when I got my first job at like everyone was so excited, getting jobs like I'm going to save up for a car. I'm going to do this, this, and I was like, with my first check. I'm going to take him out to lunch like that was my thing yet and
Khadra Porter: So then I didn't, didn't use drugs for. I mean, my whole life really. And then when I got, I see is when it really
Dr Katrina Groves: And when did you get the interstitial cystitis what
Khadra Porter: I was nine weeks pregnant with Channing, and he was born in 2015 so
Khadra Porter: 2004 maybe the end of 2000 earth yeah 2014 I see and
Khadra Porter: I couldn't get anything really because I was pregnant and everyone was scared to, you know, deal with me because obviously I was pregnant and
Khadra Porter: I've never been able to take pills like they would make me so sick. Like even a half of bike it in or something. But I was so desperate like I would have done, try anything. And then my cousin and her boyfriend.
Khadra Porter: By well they used to buy a lot of pills. And so I just asked her for a couple of Norco
Khadra Porter: And then I realized that it gave me a little bit of relief and
Khadra Porter: A little bit of relief was worth all the risk in the money in it so fucked up because I was pregnant with chanting, but I mean I was suicidal, you know, I wanted to die. Right. So, I mean, so then often on I was able to get like little bits from her. And then finally,
Khadra Porter: Like in the middle of my pregnancy and my OB. Let me take Tramadol he prescribed me Tramadol yeah that helps some but my hormones were so bad because I was pregnant, and I think my bladder just couldn't
Khadra Porter: I don't know. It was like nothing. I tried really helped you know up and then after I had Chani
Khadra Porter: They gave me Narcos because my OB promised me that if I made it through my pregnancy without a boarding or suicide.
Khadra Porter: He would give me something stronger so I held on to that hope, you know, and then he did and chanting was in Oakland because they had to fly him out when he was born because he stopped breathing and
Khadra Porter: He was like throwing up like Brain Stuff. And they thought he swallowed like amniotic fluid or something.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because we were using
Khadra Porter: Not caught. I know, I know. It could have been
Khadra Porter: In I feel so bad for that, but I just didn't know what to do, you know,
Right.
Khadra Porter: So that, and then
Khadra Porter: When I got back from Oakland. I, you know, because we were there for almost three weeks in me and Josh were down there. We didn't have like any money. We didn't have a car, we were in sandals and tank tops, like it was cold down there, you know, and
Khadra Porter: We got a place
Khadra Porter: Like the Ronald McDonald houses and stuff. I don't know if it was exactly that. But it was one of those things that was close to the hospital. And so we would just walk over you know, walk, walk back and forth all the time of
Dr Katrina Groves: Your baby.
Khadra Porter: Yeah. And then, so I was taking my darcos the whole time I was there, you know, my, my own prescription. And then when I got back
Khadra Porter: I was going to you IHS and so they started
Khadra Porter: Letting me try a bunch of stuff because I would every appointment I would have a list of meds that I researched and but I was in support groups and I just wanted something so bad you know
Khadra Porter: So he started letting you try stuff and then he ended up putting your Percocet. Then I was taking more than I was prescribed and sometimes I would flare and be up all night, you know, and then I just got addicted to him. I mean, I was on for a long time, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: And so working, you got tolerant to them.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, once and then you need. Yeah.
Khadra Porter: I know, yeah.
Khadra Porter: Very slow
Khadra Porter: And I wasn't devastated when he took me off. But I mean,
Khadra Porter: Why, why
Khadra Porter: Yeah. Oh, he just said that I was on it for you know too long in that basically I wasn't getting any better. So, you know, which was hard to hear you know yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: And then did you go down to San Francisco. I think he sent you somewhere to get installation or something.
Khadra Porter: Yeah. Oh, I went a couple times just San Francisco and got them done. Yeah.
Khadra Porter: I think I got like three, but it was supposed to be like a six week thing.
Khadra Porter: Like I would have to go every week and I just after three of them. I just couldn't do it, you know.
Khadra Porter: Right. And you know, I know you're supposed to wait till after you know the whole six weeks to see about but those three honestly
Khadra Porter: I think I felt worse, you know,
Khadra Porter: I just could keep going you know by car broke down Ivy League and the kids. It was the middle of winter.
Khadra Porter: It was just a lot. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you kind of put it on hold and when when when did you decide or how did you decide to get on the Suboxone program did you start getting meds off the street after he cut you off or
Khadra Porter: Yeah, I was still trying to buy them, you know, and
Khadra Porter: It just got harder to get up because you know no one's getting them so
Khadra Porter: No one said, we go, you know, and I didn't
Khadra Porter: Know anyone besides my cousin to go other places. I just didn't know anyone that would even have them, you know,
Khadra Porter: It's so
Khadra Porter: Josh had been in this box. And because I even know what's the box and was until he went in the program, you know, right. And for some reason, like I always knew I would end up there, but I just knew it you know it.
Khadra Porter: He you know he didn't really take the programs areas and he wasn't ready to get clean and
Khadra Porter: You know he's really not addicted to I mean he he's addicted to everything but you know mess with it was really his
Khadra Porter: You know, wellness love really. I mean, so it was just hard for him, you know, to, I don't know, do the program. But for some reason, I knew that I would be in the program at some point, and he did to actually I remember him like talking to you about me and like
Khadra Porter: You know, could you help her if she came here and you know, could you help her icy and, you know, I remember that.
Khadra Porter: And so
Khadra Porter: When he taught me.
Khadra Porter: What
Dr Katrina Groves: Did he ever give you your his Suboxone to try so
Khadra Porter: No, I was scared because I was still like using hills. And so, yeah, I just said no. And then so when Dr butts took me off.
Khadra Porter: I was like, this is too hard, like I just want to get better and have my own prescription, whatever. It's going to be or, you know, I really just needed support honestly was the main thing you know
Khadra Porter: I couldn't wait to go to my first group like
Khadra Porter: I mean, you know, like I remember like after me, or like people that came in with, you know, around the same time as me.
Khadra Porter: They would be like complaining about group for, like, whatever. And I'm like, I'm not the one to share, you know, I agree with you because I love fruit like it.
You know,
Khadra Porter: Really, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so does the Suboxone now, or is it Suboxone excuse me, or it's absorbed that you're taking
Khadra Porter: Steps off because this box would be new release it.
Khadra Porter: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you're still doing three of them a day.
Yeah.
Khadra Porter: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what pharmacy, just so I remember
Dr Katrina Groves: Walgreens. Everybody's going to Walgreens these days.
Khadra Porter: Oh really,
Dr Katrina Groves: Just today.
Dr Katrina Groves: When was your last prescription. Just last week or
Khadra Porter: Yeah, I just picked one up.
Khadra Porter: Either the last week or around the beginning of this week, so I just got up.
We
Dr Katrina Groves: Have one your next. So the last week.
Dr Katrina Groves: You don't have your bottle with, you know, so you
Know,
Khadra Porter: I have one of the boxes, but I don't know.
Dr Katrina Groves: Probably old one.
Khadra Porter: Usually only one says when I got but
Khadra Porter: Yeah. Oh, wait. Oh, no.
Khadra Porter: But I know it was just recently, like I haven't even finished the first box so
Dr Katrina Groves: You have about three weeks left
Khadra Porter: Yeah, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because I want to plan for your group so
Khadra Porter: Okay, to have
Dr Katrina Groves: When you're due in three weeks so
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you going to be, let's see. Today's the fourth. Are you gonna want Monday nights like at 530 or Thursday mornings at 10 which is going to be better for you as far as God knows what the kids in school and all that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Here when
Khadra Porter: Probably the late one
Dr Katrina Groves: Night time one
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Who do you have someone at the house at that point they can watch
Khadra Porter: Yeah, and I'd be yeah well
Khadra Porter: I'd have to go. You did. You know, I could go to my sisters because she'd be off work by then and then they could just play with my nephews, you know, and I could get in the car, whatever.
Khadra Porter: And then, you know, in the evening, they're more calm, kind of, and you know I could put a movie on and stuff.
Khadra Porter: I mean, I might
Khadra Porter: I would have to stay in the bedroom, not the car, probably, but
Khadra Porter: Yeah, I can make it work.
Dr Katrina Groves: So let me put you down for April 20
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, that might be too soon. I don't know. But, but I'd rather get you a week before your prescriptions do and
Dr Katrina Groves: That way. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so do you have a piece of paper or do you want to put it on your phone or online at the end.
Khadra Porter: Okay, yeah. Just remind me at the end because I don't even have a pin in here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or
Khadra Porter: Is it all. Write it down. When I get it.
Khadra Porter: Okay, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And with all the internet stuff right now the zoom you should try and check in 1520 minutes even earlier.
Khadra Porter: Yeah, I was having a
Khadra Porter: I was kind of having trouble signing in with the first ID for a minute. Yeah. And then I was
Khadra Porter: You know, on hold for the guy and then I got the new ID for you. And so it was just
Khadra Porter: Now, I know it takes a minute.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, you're learning, we're all learning God kind of crazy. Okay, so do you feel like the sub solve is controlling your cravings for using drugs.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, like percent 50% 90%
Khadra Porter: Probably like 90% yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: And how is it with the pain.
Khadra Porter: Um,
Khadra Porter: It's hard in you know I agreed with Dr. Pearson to go down quite a bit. I get 120 now instead of like 180 or something.
Khadra Porter: Let him at all. Yeah. And so, you know, it was quite a drop, but you know, I'm doing it and I'm deal. You know, I mean, I think that my I know for sure my tolerance for my symptoms has gone. I mean, I just have to, you know, deal with it. So I know that that you know mentally. I can handle it better.
Dr Katrina Groves: And it may be being in recovery for so long. And I mean, the problem with the narcotics, as you know, even even Tramadol it's going to get to where it doesn't work. And you're going to be you.
Khadra Porter: Know,
Khadra Porter: And that scares me so
Dr Katrina Groves: Bad so
Dr Katrina Groves: Of course, after all this virus stuff is going off, you know, go ahead and get continue to work on your ice find somebody that's a specialist and interstitial and keep on
Dr Katrina Groves: Helping them. Don't ever quit, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: I know
Khadra Porter: I feel like
Khadra Porter: I feel like sometimes that I, you know, have quit trying to get better. I just manage it.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know,
Khadra Porter: Right, you know, someday. My kids are going to be gone and all have to live for myself, can I
You know,
Khadra Porter: So I have to figure out a way
Dr Katrina Groves: Have you had
Dr Katrina Groves: A client recently thoughts. I know that you did in the past, but how how much, what is your suicide.
Khadra Porter: Feeling well I've been having quite issues lately.
Khadra Porter: Recently, like, I don't know why, but I just like get so like I just feel angry and upset, all the time.
Khadra Porter: And like I've never been an angry person. I don't
Khadra Porter: I eat it like sometimes I'll go days or a day with out feeling any joy and all those
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Khadra Porter: And I hate it.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's depression, really. And are you on any medication for depression right now.
Khadra Porter: Cymbalta
Dr Katrina Groves: Is that 30 milligrams still
Khadra Porter: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you can bump that up. And if you can go to 60 you can go to 90 I have people on 120 so that would be your one, I would say ask a primary care doctor to pump that up because it was good for pain and depression.
Khadra Porter: Yeah, cuz I don't want to keep going on like that, you know, I don't want to stay stuck like that, you know, because it
Khadra Porter: It does. And it's scary. Like, I don't want to feel joy, happiness, I don't want to I, even I just like I feel like I'm just like need, like, you know, to be in or just like no available.
Khadra Porter: Emotionally at all.
Khadra Porter: You know,
Dr Katrina Groves: As you're dealing with so much in here and in your, your pain and your stress. There's nothing left.
Dr Katrina Groves: So when's the last time you felt suicidal like really like I have a plan. I'm going to do this or that or have you ever had a plan.
Khadra Porter: Don't really a player. No, but
Khadra Porter: I just have felt like
Khadra Porter: I just wish I wasn't existing you know to be like it's just you are
Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah okay and that's depression talking. And so I think that I know you've got good days and bad days. And I know you
Dr Katrina Groves: You wouldn't want to leave that legacy for your kids.
Dr Katrina Groves: I would. So what other support do you have right now besides Tony and I mean, now you've got this group. Do you have any
Dr Katrina Groves: Any friends that you're hooked up with
Khadra Porter: No, not really. But me and my sister and my mom have gotten really close over the last year so
Khadra Porter: I go there. Almost every day.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're too old to be exposed to, you know, we're trying to shelter in place.
Khadra Porter: I know, yeah.
Khadra Porter: We've been to you pretty like heavy precautions, like I had to go to Walmart yesterday to get groceries for the month, you know, okay.
Khadra Porter: I didn't let him go with me because you know he's 61 diabetic, he's overweight. He's going to wheel his wheelchair all through the store on the route is it'd be touching it with his hands to
Khadra Porter: It and bring it into the house, you know, and he was kind of pissed, but I was like, Richard. I'm sorry but I so I had a mask and gloves when I went to the store and then
Khadra Porter: Before I went inside. I took them off outside and throw away the wind washed my hands and stuff. So we we've been to keep pretty heavy precautions and I didn't take my kids with the, you know, and stuff so good.
Khadra Porter: Yeah, I, I do worry about my sister a lot though because she's still at the clinic in Brookings in you know it's scary. So
Dr Katrina Groves: Everybody just keeps doing what you're doing you
Dr Katrina Groves: Will be fine. It'll. It'll get
Dr Katrina Groves: So your doctor is Dr. Pearson right
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. And do you have any other medical problems that I don't remember like high blood pressure, diabetes, you don't have diabetes.
Khadra Porter: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: I work, I read problems.
Khadra Porter: No, nothing that I know of at all.
Khadra Porter: And I never been diagnosed with a DD
Dr Katrina Groves: Any hospitalizations that you had except for your pregnancies. Did you have any surgeries gallbladder.
Dr Katrina Groves: Total
Khadra Porter: Yeah, when I was younger I had my tonsils out and I had my appendix out
Dr Katrina Groves: But not a. Did you have a tubal ligation.
Khadra Porter: What's that
Dr Katrina Groves: About your tubes tied
Khadra Porter: No identity. Josh, Scott.
Khadra Porter: Remember, yeah.
Khadra Porter: Well, when I was pregnant. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have any other sexual partners like
Khadra Porter: No, I haven't. But no.
Khadra Porter: I would make sure that I didn't get pregnant if even if I was because it's just not fair to me or the baby or my other kids. It's just too hard. You know, so
Khadra Porter: I could
Khadra Porter: Go through that again.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you may want to think about birth control, just because you never know.
Khadra Porter: I know I was I just been so scared to mess with my hormones, because it started when I was pregnant, so I'm just like terrified, you know. But yeah, if I start, you know, talking to anyone or something. I will
Khadra Porter: Make sure to, you know, to try something and stuff.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so you never have a broken bone. You don't have any implantable hardware in your body.
Khadra Porter: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then going back to your family history, your mom and dad, your dad died.
Dr Katrina Groves: When your mom is still living. And what health problems, she have
Khadra Porter: She has anxiety and then she was an alcoholic. I don't know if that counts but
Khadra Porter: She
Khadra Porter: She had rescued, sir, I forgot about that. Yeah.
Khadra Porter: She had breast cancer in that she has a heart murmur. And I think that's it. She's never had, like,
Khadra Porter: Well, I bought her shirt anything
Dr Katrina Groves: Most folks know heart disease.
No.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then you have brothers and sisters
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: How many brothers and sisters
Khadra Porter: Oh, I have two sisters and one brother, and then a bunch of stepsisters. But yeah, just to real sisters
Dr Katrina Groves: Any medical problems that they have, like, are they into substance use.
Khadra Porter: Um, no. But my older sister has Lyme disease.
Khadra Porter: Yeah, she's had it for years. Dr Pearson's actually her doctor to it. It's cool because like I wanted him to be my doctor for so long. I tried so hard and to get in with him. Like when I first got ice because he helped my sister so much with Lyme disease and but he was always so full.
Khadra Porter: Like could take me, you know. And then when I heard he like took me like I wasn't even trying to get. I didn't even know he was, you know, an option and stuff. Yeah, they said that they got your like recommendations stuff and Dr. Pearson said yes so super happy. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so your kids, you have, how many
Khadra Porter: I have chills.
Dr Katrina Groves: And any miscarriages or abortions.
Khadra Porter: Yeah, I had an abortion with
Khadra Porter: Landon was like to see
Khadra Porter: Because Josh was just using so bad and
Dr Katrina Groves: I just
Khadra Porter: Let it go.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then any other. Let's see. You have anxiety and panic attacks, though.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. And what about add, are you still getting prescribed your Adderall.
Khadra Porter: Yep. Yeah, dark Pearson is letting me down.
Khadra Porter: Awesome. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's a miracle.
I know
Khadra Porter: Tony, even within with me. It was like, you know, she totally like bounce for me and stuff. It was really cool. So
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you still take amitriptyline at night, the elevator.
Khadra Porter: Yeah.
Khadra Porter: But I take, how much do you take
A
Khadra Porter: He prescribed me the 75 milligrams. I didn't, it didn't take, like, three quarters of that.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And the Adderall is the long acting and it's 30 milligrams
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Okay. Let me see. What else is on. I got your clinic. Try it over here and your year
Dr Katrina Groves: Over here, so
Khadra Porter: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you still take the Lyrica or did that not work anymore.
Khadra Porter: No, yeah, I'm still taking the Lyrica
Dr Katrina Groves: And what doses that
Khadra Porter: I think it's 400 because it's 200 twice. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know your meds, girl.
Khadra Porter: Yeah, cuz I've been on a very long time. The Lyrica the image reptilian I tried so much stuff.
Khadra Porter: And those are the ones that finally works.
Dr Katrina Groves: And the day trial. The still take that for your bladder, the pole.
Khadra Porter: Oh, he just prescribed that for me, for if I flare. I could try it. So I haven't even tried it yet.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and you do a nose spray. When you get allergy still
Khadra Porter: Yeah, I actually need the nose spray, so I'll have to call Dr. Pearson little bit day
Dr Katrina Groves: And when you call ask him, tell him that you were doing bright heart with me because I think we're still we're still such a team. I'm so bonded there. I mean, I was there for
Khadra Porter: So,
Khadra Porter: Long
Dr Katrina Groves: Let him know that we talked, and that you're you're feeling kind of depressed and
Dr Katrina Groves: Upset and and no joy, kind of thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: And and let them know that you I I recommended you go up on your Cymbalta from maybe
Dr Katrina Groves: 60 milligrams and he may look at your other meds and go, oh, that's kind of risky or whatever. But at least you know get in because that helps for pain to
Khadra Porter: Right, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Works with the Lyrica so I'm thinking that's helpful.
Khadra Porter: Okay, cool. I will do you think that
Khadra Porter: Cymbalta a pretty good one.
Khadra Porter: Yes. Okay, good. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Also for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: 30 milligrams is a very low dose. I'm doing good higher
Khadra Porter: Okay, I'm gonna ask him.
Dr Katrina Groves: And anymore believe Mia. When's the last time you have
Khadra Porter: God I've gained so much way it's been really hard on me. Honestly, like I just I just, I've always been able, by whole life to just like eat whatever I want, do whatever I want. I never had to try the eating disorder was a mental thing it's
Khadra Porter: Not because I was like overweight, you know,
Khadra Porter: But I've just gained so much way I think from the human trip to lead and stuff. I've been on it for so long and
Khadra Porter: You know, I think that's really when my weight gain started because even after I had God. I was so thin. And then I've just been gaining gaining gaining gaining so it's been really hard on me emotionally. I see.
Dr Katrina Groves: But
Dr Katrina Groves: It's the pain pills and you didn't use math or
Khadra Porter: Ever. No, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: The pain pills, though, can make you kind of
Dr Katrina Groves: They can cause weight gain, just being on narcotics.
Dr Katrina Groves: So plus your metabolism. How old are you now.
Khadra Porter: I'm going to be 30 this bus.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, you're going to be 30 owner
Khadra Porter: I know
Dr Katrina Groves: Metabolism does kind of drop and
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so it's, you got to eat less and exercise more, it's coming.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, but, but, um, yeah. The amateur playing
Dr Katrina Groves: It can make you hungry, but there's no calories in the pill. So
Khadra Porter: So, okay. Yeah, right.
Khadra Porter: You're right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Good enough.
Khadra Porter: Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: And that's hard. All right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, you're living with who now.
Khadra Porter: My uncle still lives of the way to kids.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and Josh is in and out, or is he in jail, your husband.
Khadra Porter: You know, he he's actually clean but he's not saying here because what do you said the house on fire. I got a restraining order. So
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good for you.
Khadra Porter: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, it's, it's, I'm glad that you're
Dr Katrina Groves: That you didn't take that step for your kids.
Khadra Porter: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You have to keep your kids safe.
Khadra Porter: Right. Yeah. Yeah. It was scary.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm just going to go through a little head to toe thing okay symptoms like medical symptoms and the last week or two. These are not like
Dr Katrina Groves: A life but just in the last week.
Dr Katrina Groves: Have you had any Fevers or chills that are unusual or night sweats.
Dr Katrina Groves: Know any cold intolerance like feeling
Dr Katrina Groves: Like you can't stand the cold know any fatigue.
Dr Katrina Groves: Most everybody. Yeah, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and weight gain, you said
Dr Katrina Groves: Have Dr. Pearson checkup thyroid level on you.
Khadra Porter: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: See all these things. I got to remind you at the end.
Dr Katrina Groves: Up you need thyroid check
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. What else was I saying, oh, do you ever fall asleep during the day, like camp will keep your eyes open.
Khadra Porter: No, not really.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any cough wheezing shortness of breath.
Khadra Porter: Um, well, sometimes I like if my allergies are really bad by
Khadra Porter: Asma locked up some but it usually goes away, or I'll take my allergy medicine or you know it's it's not every day or anything.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have an inhaler for asthma.
Khadra Porter: And I actually don't. I actually use my sister's because she has one. I don't
Dr Katrina Groves: Well,
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't get one because right now if you got sick. And it's, it's the virus is there, you're one of the first people that could get
Khadra Porter: Right.
Khadra Porter: I know that's what we were talking about and that's super scary. So
Khadra Porter: I'll have to ask Dr. Pearson about that too. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I would you
Dr Katrina Groves: Need an inhaler.
Dr Katrina Groves: And
Dr Katrina Groves: I know I hear your nose right now to. Yeah.
Khadra Porter: Always it's solenoid.
Dr Katrina Groves: Know spray
Khadra Porter: I know, I know I need to ask him to get that too.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, chest pain or pressure or heart palpitations.
Khadra Porter: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Not even on the Adderall.
Khadra Porter: Nothing that I notice
Dr Katrina Groves: Any stomach problems, abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation,
Khadra Porter: Well, sometimes I get constipation. But I mean it's not enough to where I blink, you know, don't worry about it, or do you think
Dr Katrina Groves: Blab when you poop or anything.
Khadra Porter: No, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: Still, it's good to be on a stool softener or eat more fiber what what do you feel like you need a stool softener like colleagues. Once you on something like that.
Khadra Porter: Yeah, I was for a while I was ID.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or no
Khadra Porter: I don't I maybe I wasn't even I honestly can't remember, but maybe I think I was just on so much stuff. I just
Dr Katrina Groves: I
Khadra Porter: didn't even want to take something out. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Food, you know, for that it's better to do fiber.
Khadra Porter: Early
Khadra Porter: Out here. Sorry.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, we got a puppy. Oh my god.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's a blessing and a curse at this and
Khadra Porter: I know. Yes. Yeah, I know.
Dr Katrina Groves: So once you can get your
Khadra Porter: Okay. Yeah, I know. I'm like, what are they doing it there.
Dr Katrina Groves: So any kind of tremor, or seizure or vertigo.
Dr Katrina Groves: No headaches.
Khadra Porter: Yeah, I have headaches, a lot, but I have a really bad, too.
Khadra Porter: And I need to get it pulled and my face is so much so bad, or terms like
Khadra Porter: Even up into my ear. It's so bad.
Dr Katrina Groves: Add that to your list because we don't get worse.
Khadra Porter: I know
Dr Katrina Groves: All right. And we already talked about your depression and anxiety.
Dr Katrina Groves: And all that
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And so what I'll do is I'll see you on the 20th of
Dr Katrina Groves: April.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, five it's 545 but really check in at 515
Khadra Porter: OK. OK.
Khadra Porter: And then, okay, well,
Dr Katrina Groves: I'll do your prescription on that day.
Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm so glad to see you.
Khadra Porter: I'm glad you
Khadra Porter: Know like it's gonna be good.
Dr Katrina Groves: If we have a good counselor to her name is Becca.
Khadra Porter: Oh really,
Dr Katrina Groves: We're going to send you like
Dr Katrina Groves: Some blood work to do at the clinic and maybe
Dr Katrina Groves: A pee test at your house, so they'll be okay one that
Khadra Porter: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, and you have a wonderful weekend and
Khadra Porter: Thank you.
Khadra Porter: Okay. Bye. Oh.
Dr Katrina Groves: No, how to turn me off.
Khadra Porter: I think so.
Khadra Porter: Maybe
Oh, yeah.
Khadra Porter: Okay.
Khadra Porter: Ever
Dr Katrina Groves: The stuff we hear when they don't know, okay, baby.
Dr Katrina Groves: See
Dr Katrina Groves: Just the normal psychic impression
Dr Katrina Groves: I think I got everything in there about her suicide.
Dr Katrina Groves: Feelings that
Dr Katrina Groves: Right now it's low risk. She doesn't have a plan. She has a lot of depression. So my assessment would be opioid dependence severe in remission.
Dr Katrina Groves: She's got when we say three years clean time
Dr Katrina Groves: She has ADHD.
Dr Katrina Groves: And see if there's a certain diagnosis for that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Attention Deficit Disorder predominantly hyperactive actually she's combined hyperactive and inattentive sorry
Dr Katrina Groves: She has had Alenia
Dr Katrina Groves: Which is currently in remission.
Dr Katrina Groves: She has asthma and allergies. She's going to be the plan will be talking to her primary care provider. Dr. Pearson at the open door community health center. She needs to get a beautiful inhaler get her thyroid checked also depression.
Dr Katrina Groves: She has major depression that is active and severe
Dr Katrina Groves: Actually, I'll say moderate she has no psychosis.
Dr Katrina Groves: And she will be talking to a primary care provider about increasing Cymbalta to 60 milligrams a day.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or obesity would be another diagnosis and again she needs to check with thyroid
Dr Katrina Groves: For that
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, big one. Interstitial Cystitis
Dr Katrina Groves: With significant pain, she's she has ongoing painful interstitial cystitis and
Dr Katrina Groves: We'll be working with the primary care and specialists for that as well. You heard about her meds, as far as ADHD and depression. She's also going to continue to see or
Dr Katrina Groves: Counseling mental health through download can be health center.
Dr Katrina Groves: So continue doing
Dr Katrina Groves: The
Dr Katrina Groves: Community Health Center.
Dr Katrina Groves: visits with the ad Tony Costa
Dr Katrina Groves: Once a week and then I will see her as you heard on the 20th at 530 ish to give her her prescription
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: See if I can get my camera on. Now she was having trouble.